# Applications
All applications have a:
- id: Unique identifier for the application generated by the system. 
- name: Human friendly name for the application.
- description: 
- commands: This of commands supported by this application
- events: List of events produced by the application

# Events
All events have a:
- timestamp: Indicates when the event occurred.
- description: 
- properties: Fields that are included as part of the event

# Commands
Commands represent an operation that can be preformed by the application.

## Application Events
- app.created: An application was created by the system.  This means it has a name as was assigned an ID by the system.
- app.initalized: The application has been initialized by the system and is ready to be loaded.
- app.loaded: The application is loaded successfully.
- app.started: The application is started successfully.
- app.error: An error occurred while running the application.
- app.failed: The application entered a failed state and will terminate.  The application stopped event will no occur.
    - error: The error that caused the failed state.
- app.stopped: The application stopped successfully after completing or as requested by the user.
- app.shutdown: The application was unloaded and shutdown successfully.
- app.terminated: The application is no longer running.  

### Normal Application Sequence:
created -> initialized -> loaded -> started -> stopped -> shutdown -> terminated

### Failed Application Sequence:
created -> initialized -> loaded -> started -> error -> failed -> shutdown -> terminated
  
### Exit Command
created -> initialized -> loaded -> started -> ... EXIT SIGNAL ... -> stopped -> unloaded -> shutdown -> terminated

# Commands
## Events
- command.running: Indicates a command was executed by system.
- command.warning: The command generated a warning during operation.
- command.error: An error occurred when the command was executed.
- command.completed: Fires when a command is completed.  
    - status: (success|failed)
    - result: *optional* If successful, The result produced from the command.
    - error: *optional* If failed, The result produced from the command.